Rework README.md (#1188)
RedHatInsights/patchman-ui: README.md

Patch is one of the applications for console.redhat.com. It allows users to display and manage available patches for their registered systems. This repository containes source code for the frontend part of the application which uses the REST API available from [Patchman Engine](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/patchman-engine).

## First time setup
1. Make sure you have [`Node.js`](https://nodejs.org/en/) version >= 18 installed
2. Run [script to patch your `/etc/hosts`](https://github.com/RedHatInsights/insights-proxy/blob/master/scripts/patch-etc-hosts.sh)

> 3. Make sure you are using [Red Hat proxy](http://hdn.corp.redhat.com/proxy.pac)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make sure you are using [Red Hat proxy](https://hdn.corp.redhat.com/proxy.pac) if working against the stage environment.
```

## Running locally
1. Make sure you are connected to the Red Hat VPN
2. Install dependencies with `npm install`

> 3. Run development server with `npm run start:proxy` and select desired environment (`stage-preview` is recommended)

Reviewer: I would also mention that one needs to have podman virtual machine started since the chrome is served as a container.

Author: @gkarat but that's only if you are running without proxy, or?

Reviewer: @leSamo, chrome assets are served from a container in all environments irregardless proxy/non-proxy.

Author: I'm trying to keep the readme as simple as possible without any special quirks and configuration. Do you need to run the container even if you are running the app regularly? :thinking:
